module4/module4.md, before:

# Module 4 - HTML & CSS
[<== Main Page](../README.md)

- [Process & Design](#process)
- [HTML5 Layout](#html5)
- [Vocabulary](#vocabulary)

## Process and Design
### Target Audience - Individuals
- Age range
- Appealing to men or women or both
- Which country or part of world do they live in?
- Urban or rural
- Avg income
- Education
- Marital or family status
- Occupation
- Work hours per week
- How often do they use the web
- What devices do they use to view the web

### Target Audience - Companies
- size of company or department
- Position of the people in company
- Visitors using site for themselves or others
- Budget

### Why are they visiting?
- Key Motivations
  - Entertainment
  - Specific goal
  - Essential or luxury
- Specific Goals
  - General research on a topic
  - Something specific on product
  - Already familiar or need to be introduced
  - Time sensitive
  - To buy or not buy
  - Do they need to contact you?

### What information do they need?
- Prioritize levels of information from key points to non-essential/background
- Will they be familiar with topic or brand or do you need to introduce?
- Familiar with product/service/information or need background?
- Most important features?
- What is special about your site?
- FAQs

### How often do you update?
- Goods and services
  - How often do same people return?
  - How often is stock updated?
-Information
  - How often is subject updated?
  - What % of visitors will return for regular updates? 
  - Or just one time information finders?

### Site Map
- Create a diagram of the pages to structure site
- Card sorting helps figure out which info goes where
  - Each tidbit on piece of paper and organize into groups

### Wire Frames
- Simple sketch of key information per page
- No color schemes or formatting until information is placed

### Visual Hierarchy Prioritizes
- Use contrast to get across key message. Items with higher contrast are recognized and processed first.
- Size
- Color
- Style
- Images

### Grouping Organizes
- Proximity
- Closure
- Continuance
- White Space
- Color
- Borders
- Consistency
- Headings

### Designing Navigation
- Concise
- Clear
- Selective
- Context
- Interactive
- Consistent

## HTML5 Layout
- HTML structures page
- CSS styles the presentation
- JavaScript adds the logic and interactivity


## Vocabulary
- HTML / Markup
- Semantics
- Wireframe
- Personas
- Meta
- Content
- Element
- Tag
- Attribute
- Structure vs Presentation

Commit message:

added notes on html5 layout

module4/module4.md, after:

# Module 4 - HTML & CSS
[<== Main Page](../README.md)

- [Process & Design](#process)
- [HTML5 Layout](#html5)
- [Vocabulary](#vocabulary)

## Process and Design
### Target Audience - Individuals
- Age range
- Appealing to men or women or both
- Which country or part of world do they live in?
- Urban or rural
- Avg income
- Education
- Marital or family status
- Occupation
- Work hours per week
- How often do they use the web
- What devices do they use to view the web

### Target Audience - Companies
- size of company or department
- Position of the people in company
- Visitors using site for themselves or others
- Budget

### Why are they visiting?
- Key Motivations
  - Entertainment
  - Specific goal
  - Essential or luxury
- Specific Goals
  - General research on a topic
  - Something specific on product
  - Already familiar or need to be introduced
  - Time sensitive
  - To buy or not buy
  - Do they need to contact you?

### What information do they need?
- Prioritize levels of information from key points to non-essential/background
- Will they be familiar with topic or brand or do you need to introduce?
- Familiar with product/service/information or need background?
- Most important features?
- What is special about your site?
- FAQs

### How often do you update?
- Goods and services
  - How often do same people return?
  - How often is stock updated?
-Information
  - How often is subject updated?
  - What % of visitors will return for regular updates? 
  - Or just one time information finders?

### Site Map
- Create a diagram of the pages to structure site
- Card sorting helps figure out which info goes where
  - Each tidbit on piece of paper and organize into groups

### Wire Frames
- Simple sketch of key information per page
- No color schemes or formatting until information is placed

### Visual Hierarchy Prioritizes
- Use contrast to get across key message. Items with higher contrast are recognized and processed first.
- Size
- Color
- Style
- Images

### Grouping Organizes
- Proximity
- Closure
- Continuance
- White Space
- Color
- Borders
- Consistency
- Headings

### Designing Navigation
- Concise
- Clear
- Selective
- Context
- Interactive
- Consistent

## HTML5 Layout
- HTML structures page
- CSS styles the presentation
- JavaScript adds the logic and interactivity

  - html symbols 
  - html semantic tags
  - placeholder.com gets placeholder sized images
  - placeimg.com similar to placeholder
  - type in terminal to see ```live server index.html```

## Vocabulary
- HTML / Markup
- Semantics
- Wireframe use draw.io or whiteboard or piece of paper
- Personas
- Meta
- Content
- Element
- Tag
- Attribute
- Structure vs Presentation
